CY
www.kamaiahgroup.com
1
HISTORICALBACKGROUND
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited was earlier known as Kamaiah Engineering
Services in the year 2010. It has been incorporated on 1st January 2016.
It’s Registered office is in Palasa, Andhra Pradesh while Corporate office in Guwahati,
Assam andBranchoffice in Dibrugarh, Assam. It has an International office in Dubai, UAE.
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited is a pioneer in various sectors like
Engineering Services, Non Destructive Testing, Fire Safety, Manpower consultancy,
Coaching for Engineering & Medical entrance examination etc.
STATEMENTOFPHILOSOPHY
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited wishes to maintain a work environment that
fosters personal and professional growth for all employees. Maintaining such an
environment is the responsibility of every staff person. Because of their role, all employees
have the additional responsibility to lead in a manner which fosters an environment of
respect for each person.
It is the responsibility of all staff to
 Fostercooperationand communicationamongeach other.
 Treateachotherina fair manner,withdignityand respect.
 Promoteharmonyandteamworkinallrelationships.
 Strive for mutual understanding of standards for performance expectations, and
communicate routinelyto reinforce that understanding.
 Encourage and consider opinions of other employees or members, and invite their
participation in decisions that affect their work and their careers.
 Encourage growth and development of employees by helping them achieve their
personal goals at the Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited and beyond.
 Seek to avoid workplace conflict, and if it occurs, respond fairly and quickly to provide
the means toresolve it.
 Administer all policies equitably and fairly, recognizing that jobs are different but each
is important; that individual performance should be recognized and measured against
predetermined standards; and that each employee has the right to fair treatment.
2
MISSION
 Createvalueforstakeholders
 Growthroughinnovation
 Toenhanceoperational efficiencies
VISSION
“To be a highly effective and fast-growing organization worldwide with changes in modern
technology and meet the requirements of ourvaluable customers”.
EMPLOYMENTATKAMAIAHENGINEERINGSERVICESPRIVATELIMITED
EMPLOYMENTEQUITY
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited is an equal opportunity employer and
employs personnel without regard to race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin,
language, citizenship, creed, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status,
physical andor mental handicap or financial ability. While remaining alert and sensitive to
the issue of fair and equitable treatment for all.
This policy governs all aspects of employment including selection, job assignment,
compensation, discipline, termination and access to benefits and training. Kamaiah
Engineering Services Private Limited is committed to provide equal employment
opportunities to all employees.
Any employees with questions or concerns about any type of discrimination in the
workplace are encouraged to bring these issues to the attention of their immediate
superior of the respective department. If any employee finds any type of discrimination in
the workplace, they are free to report to their respective HOD without fear of reprisal.
Anyone found to be engaging in any type of unlawful discrimination will be subject to strict
disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
RECRUITMENTANDSELECTION
Applicants are invited to submit their application, along with a current resume,
demonstrating that they meet the minimum criteria for the position being sought. At the
closing date, all applications are screened, and candidates selected for interview are
contacted. If the interview is positive, references will be contacted. Depending on the
feedback provided, a position may be offered to the applicant.
3
ORIENTATION
All new employees to Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited shall receive an
orientation session by CEO followed by H.O.D which will encompass an overview of general
policies, procedures and operations. This will also provide employees an opportunity to
learn the performance expectations management has with regard to the position in
question. They will be given a copy of this Employee Handbook and will be expected to
learn its contents. They will also make aware of policies such as, Code of Ethics, and asked
to sign off on their adherence to same.
NON-DISCLOSURE
As a part of your employment with Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited you may
have access to confidential andor proprietary information and records.
The protection of confidential business information and trade secrets is vital to the
interests and the success of Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited. Such
confidential information includes, but is not limited to the examples like computer
processes, computer programs and codes, customer lists, customer preferences, dealer or
customer purchase prices, organisation’s financial information, marketing strategies,
incentive scheme, new materials research, pending projects and proposals, personnel
policies , records and prospect lists etc.
Employees are prohibited from using, copying, or disclosing any such confidential
information to any other person, employee, firm, corporation, dealers or other entity either
during or subsequent to their employment, except as authorized in writing by the
management.
Employees who are exposed to confidential information may be required to sign a non
disclosure agreement as a condition of employment. Employees, who improperly use or
disclose trade secrets or confidential business information, will be subject to disciplinary
action, up to and including termination of employment, even if they do not actually benefit
fromthe disclosed information.
PERSONNELFILE
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited does collect personal information for
inclusion in personnel files. This information is available in the safe custody of CEO. This
information is kept in a secure location, and is not shared with any staff members or with
our funder. Information which is contained in an employee’s personnel file includes the
following resume, letter of offer, performance reviews, amendments to job descriptions,
disciplinary notices, tax forms, copies of enrolment forms for benefits and approved leave
requests.
4
EMPLOYMENTCATEGORIES
It is the intent of Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited to clarify the definitions of
employment classifications so that employees understand their employment status and
benefits entitled to.
Each employee belongs toa particular employment category
CONFIRMED employees are those who have successfully completed their probationary
period. Generally, they are eligible for Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited’s
benefit package, subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations of each benefit program.
NOTICE PERIOD A notice period of one month is applicable. However, if any employee
leaves the company without serving notice period then one months’ notice pay would be
deducted from his  her dues. Also, Experience Certificate & Relieving Letter will not be
issued.
PROBATIONARY employees are those whose performance is being evaluated to determine
whether further employment in a specific position or with Kamaiah Engineering Services
Private Limited is appropriate. Upon satisfactory completion of the probationary period,
employees enter the confirmed employment classification only on the receipt of letter of
confirmation issued by the Company. But in the second month of probationary period if the
management finds the employee’s performance below satisfactory level then the employee
will be terminated immediately.
NOTICE PERIOD Notice period is not applicable. However, if any employee leaves the
company during probation period then his  her salary will not be disbursed.
All new and rehired employees work on probationary basis for the first 6 months from
their date of hire. If the company determines that the designated probationary period does
not allow sufficient time to thoroughly evaluate the employee's performance; the
probationary period may be extended for a specified period as decided by the management
but if a probationary employee performs better than acceptance level then he can be made
a regular employee before 6 months.
PERSONNELDATACHANGES
It is the responsibility of each employee to promptly notify the respective HOD of any
changes in personnel data. Personal mailing addresses, telephone numbers, number and
5
names ofdependents, individuals to be contacted in the event of an emergency, educational
accomplishments, and other such status reports should be accurate and current at all times.
Also employees must update their details of nomination for settling the PF, ESIC, Medical
and Insurance claims. If any personnel data has changed, notify the respective Head of
Department within 3 days.
PERFORMANCEEVALUATION
Our company believes in an open, transparent and unbiasedimpartial evaluation of
performance of every employee. Supervisors and employees are strongly encouraged to
discuss job performance and goals on an informal, day-to-day basis and they must submit
(through mail) a formal written performance evaluation daily report to the respective HOD.
The HOD will present the report of his  her department to other members of management
and a meeting will be held on 2nd day of every month. Additional formal performance
evaluations are conducted to provide employees the opportunity to discuss job tasks,
identify and correct weaknesses, recognize and encourage strengths and discuss positive
and mutuallyagreed upon goals.
The management also counsels employees to help do away hindrance in efficient working
and also to encourage employees to comeupwithnovel ideas toimproveproductivity.
PERFORMANCEAPPRAISALS
The performance review document will be a living document for each employee. Each
employee will be responsible for developing their respective work-plan for the year. This
plan will be reviewed by Management and amended as necessary. At the time of the
performance appraisal, the employer and employee will review the objectives and the
results achieved. Throughout the year, the employee and employer may refer to this
document to track progress made toward objectives, highlight areas of concern and
indicate challenges identified along the way.
Performance reviews, for all employees, will occur in the month of February & September
every year. Employees should prepare for this meeting by preparing a draft workplan for
the next session. This meeting is to review successes and challenges from the preceding
session, and to establish the objectives for the coming session. This would also be the
opportunity for either party to identify and recommend professional development
opportunities which may assist the employee in their day to day work or to grow within
the organization. Once complete, both parties shall sign off on the final document and it
shall be added to the employee’s personnel file.
6
PROMOTION
The company believes in organisation growth with Employee growth. To ensure a proper
career growth of an employee we practice in impartial and unbiased promotion policy.
Promotions are based on the performance, and an employee can reach to the top most
position if performs extremely well.
SALARYADMINISTRATION
The salary administration program at Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited is
created to achieve consistent pay practices, comply with laws, and offer competitive salaries.
The company is committed to pay its employees equitable and competitive salaries that
reflect the requirements and responsibilities of their positions.
PROVIDENTFUND&ESIC
Every eligible employee of the company is entitled to receive the benefit of Provident Fund,
ESIC &Insurance.
TDSand Professional Tax will be deductedas per governmentlaw.
LEAVERULES
GENERALLEAVERULES
Employees must update their details of nomination for settling the PF, ESIC & Insurance
claims.
Employees will be permitted to take leave at the discretion of the management. Leave
cannot be claimed as a matter of right. The sanctioning authority reserves the
discretion to refuse or revoke leave at any time, if necessary due to exigencies of
company’s work.
1) Each employee must take prior approvalproper authorization (through prescribed
form) fromtheir HOD’s in advance before 3 days toavail any type of leave.
2) If an employee remains absent beyond the period of leave originally sanctioned or
subsequently extended, the employee’s two days salary would be deducted for
every one day absent.
7
SANCTIONINGAUTHORITY
The rules and procedures pertaining to Casual Leave, Sick Leave, and Privilege leave and
the sanctioning authority for the aforesaid leave is stipulated below
For Casual Leave, Sick Leave and Privilege Leave which is taken as per rules, the
sanctioning authority will be at the level of departmental Head.
RULESANDPROCEDURESPERTAININGTOSICKLEAVE(SL)
1. Employees willbe entitled to six (6) days ofsick leave per calendar year.
2. Sick leave can be used for personal illness, personal medical appointments, and
visits to specialists.
3. Sick Leave of more than 3 days must be certified by the Medical AdvisorQualified
Medical practitioner.
4. No½(Half) daySickLeave willbe permitted.
5. Intervening holidays will be counted as leave.
6. Unavailed sick Leave will be encashed but not be carried forward to the next
calendar year.
7. Probationers will be eligible for 3 days sick leave during theprobationary period.
RULESANDPROCEDURESPERTAININGTOCASUALLEAVE(CL)
1. 12dayscasual leave isapplicable for all employees.
2. All employees must apply CL before 5 days, stating reason for this leave, which
should be purely ofcasual nature.
3. No½(Half) dayCasual Leave will bepermitted.
4. Intervening holidays will be counted as Leave.
5. Unavailed casual leave will not be carried forward or accumulated.
8
6. Probationers will not be eligible for casual leave during the probation period.
RULESANDPROCEDURESPERTAININGTOPRIVILEGELEAVE(PL)
1. 15 DAYS Privilege leave (including Sundays and Holidays) is applicable for
Management and above. He or she has to apply for the same atleast 1 month prior to
privilege leave.
2. More than one management member will not be allowed to avail privilege leave
simultaneously.
3. Eligibility Management & above will be eligible to avail Privilege Leave only upon
confirmationcompletion of one year of service.
4. Extension of privilege Leave beyond the sanctioned Leave will not be permitted
unless sanctioned by CEO.
5. Unavailed privilege leave will not be carried forward or accumulated.
MATERNITYLEAVE(ML)
EMERGENGYLEAVE(EL)
PROFESSIONALISM
According to the Maternity Benefit Act female employees are entitled to a maximum
of 12 weeks (90 days) ofmaternity leave.
All employees are entitled to 12 days emergency leave. This leave can be avail either
in employee’s marriage or death of hisher family members (father, mother, spouse
and children).
When representing the company staff should dress and behave appropriately. Employees
should choose to dress in a manner which presents a professional image to the public and
is respectful of others. Excessive use of profanity is neither professional nor respectful to
co-workers and will notbe tolerated.
DRESSCODE
Employees should be aware that work attire will have an impact upon Kamaiah
Engineering Services Private Limited’s image as well as your work colleagues.
9
Only formal dress code is applicable during business days i.e. Monday to Friday and on
Saturday, employees can wear casual dress. But during meeting, employees must wear only
formal dress code.
PERSONALCOMMUNICATIONS
(i)
(ii)
PhoneCalls
It is acknowledged that personal communication is inevitable and sometimes
necessary. It is expected this will be kept to appropriate or reasonable levels.
Email
Email has legal status as a document and is accepted as evidence in a court of
law. Even when it is used for private purposes, Kamaiah Engineering Services
Private Limited can be held responsible for the contents of email messages,
including any attachments. Access to emails can be demanded as part of legal
action in some circumstances.
It is therefore important that email is used within the following guidelines
• E-mail should mainly be used for formal business correspondence and care
should be taken to maintain the confidentiality of sensitive information. Formal
memos, documents and letters for which signatures are important, should be
issued on company letterhead regardless of whether a physical or electronic
delivery method is used.
• If electronic messages need to be preserved, they should be printed out and
filed.
• Limited private use of email is permitted, provided that such does not interfere
with or distract from an employee’s work. However, management has the right
to access all incoming and outgoing email messages to determine whether staff
usage orinvolvement is excessive or inappropriate.
• All emails sent should include the approved company disclaimer.
• For seniors, it is preferable to use a signature at the end of the E-mail,
pertaining to official agreement  deal or any other relevant document send to
the clients. This shall include Full name, Designation, Office address, Mobile 
Official no.
10
In order to protect Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited from the potential
effects of the misuse and abuse of email, the following instructions are to be
observed by all users
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
Nomaterial is to be sent as email that is defamatory, in breach of copyright
or business confidentiality, or prejudicial to the good standing of the
Company in the community or to its relationship with staff, customers,
suppliers and any other person or business with whom it has a
relationship.
Email is not to contain material that amounts to gossip about colleagues or
that could be offensive, demeaning, persistently irritating, threatening,
discriminatory, involves the harassment of others or concerns personal
relationships.
The email records of other persons are not to be accessed except by
management (or persons authorized by management) engaged in ensuring
compliance with this policy, or by authorized staff who have been
requested to attend to a fault, upgrade or similar situation. Access in each
case will be limited to the minimumrequired to complete the task.
When using an email a person must not pretend to be another person or
use another person’s computer withoutpermission.
Excessive private use, including “mass mailing”, “reply to all” etc. that are
not part of the person’s duties, is not permitted. Failure to comply with
these instructions is a disciplinary offence and will be subject to
appropriate investigation. In serious cases, the penalty for an offence, or
repetition of an offence, may include dismissal.
(iii)
Internet
The internet is a facility provided by Kamaiah Engineering Services Private
Limited for business use. Access is authorized by managers on the basis of
business needs. Limited private use is permitted provided the private use does
not interfere with or distract from a person’s work. Management has the right to
11
access the system to determine whether private use is excessive or
inappropriate.
Thefollowing activities, using Company’s internet access are not permitted
• Attending to personal activities of a business nature.
• Viewing, other than by accident, sites of incoming emails portraying obscene,
violent, defamatory and unlawful material and material that could cause the
Company to be in breach of equal opportunity or antidiscrimination legislation,
verbally, in writing or pictorially.
• Downloadingorprinting material as described above.
• Showingto others, or allowing to be seen by others, items as described above.
• Repeated orprolonged use that is notdirectly relevant to the user’s work.
• Introducing computer viruses by failing to follow company IT procedures.
• Downloadingsoftware fromthe internet or fromunauthorized disks and CD
ROMsontotheinternalnetwork
Failure to comply with these instructions is a disciplinary offence and will be subject
to appropriate investigation. In serious cases, the penalty for an offence, or
repetition of an offence, may include dismissal.
GIFTS &GRATUITIES
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited is committed to ensuring all business
relationships with suppliers and clients are legal and based on professional integrity.
Managers should be notified when a gratuity has been received. If the gratuity has been received
as a THANK YOU for work performed then it should be noted on the employee’s personal file
to ensure it is included in the employee’s next appraisal.
No employee may give a gratuity to a client without prior approval from management, such
gratuities must always be part of an approved program of Customer Relationship Management
and specific gifts will be purchased centrally in appropriate quantities with management approval.
12
DISCIPLINE
Discipline at Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited shall be progressive, depending
on the nature of the problem. Its purpose is to identify unsatisfactory performance and 
or unacceptable behaviour. The stages may be
i.
Verbal reprimand
ii. Written reprimand
iii. Dismissal
Some circumstances may be serious enough that all three steps are not used. Some
examples of these types of situations are theft, assault or wilful neglect of duty. In all cases,
documentation should be included inthe employees personnel file.
HOURSOFWORK
The regular office hours for the company are 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. from Monday to Friday
inclusive (excluding holidays) whereas the office timing on Saturday is 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. All
employees will be given break of at least thirty (30) minutes for having lunch and, in
general, it should be taken between 1 p.m. to 130 p.m. Though NDT & Marketing
departments will follow the same office timing in office but while working in site their duty
hour will be 12hours.
TIMEKEEPINGANDPUNCTUALITY
Employees may also be expected to work such other hours as may be requested or
required fromtime to time.
Accurately recording time worked is the responsibility of every employee. Records of time
worked should be precisely maintained to calculate pay of every employee. Time worked is
all the time actually spent on the job performing assigned duties.
Every employee has to sign a muster register in the organization. So, it is mandatory for
every employee to sign whenever they enter orexit the office premises.
To maintain a safe and productive work environment, The company expects employees to
be reliable and to be punctual in reporting for scheduled work. Absenteeism and delays
place a burden on other employees and on the company. In the rare instances when
employees cannot avoid being late to work or are unable to work as scheduled, they should
notify their HOD as soonas possible in advance of theanticipated delays or absences.
13
Poor attendance and excessive tardiness are disruptive either may lead to disciplinary
action, up to and including termination of employment.
LATECOMING
Late coming is not permissible. However subject to unavoidable circumstances it may be
allowed upto 15 minutes thrice in a month. Four late coming in a month is considered as
one dayleave.
EARLYGOING
Employees are not permitted to go early after reporting for duty. Employees are expected
to keep their personal appointments after office hours. However on certain exigencies and
in special circumstances if it necessitates the employee to leave office early, which shall be
examined on case to case basis for relieving at the discretion of the HOD and might be
adjusted against available CL or would have to go on loss ofpay.
PAYDAYS
All employees are paid salary on or before the 20th day of every month. Each salary will
include earnings for all work performed through the end of the previous payroll period and
the same will be either directly credited in saving account of employee through NEFT or
paid in cheque. Advance salary will not be paid unless employee’s marriage or death of
hisher ownfamily members.
ADMINISTRATIVEPAYCORRECTIONS
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited takes all reasonable steps to ensure that
employees receive the correct amount of pay in each paycheck and that employees are paid
promptly onthe scheduled payday.
In the unlikely event that there is an error in the amount of pay, the employee should
promptly bring the discrepancy to the attention of the Salary Department so that
corrections can be made as quickly as possible.
TRANSFER
Your services are liable to be transferred at the discretion of the Management to any other
townbranchestablishment of the Company, or of the Group’s Companies andor any
CompanyinwhichtheGrouphas substantial control orinterest.
TERMINATION
14
An Employment Contract may be terminated by the Employer at any time for cause without
notice. Cause includes, but is not limited to, any act of dishonesty, conflict of interest,
breach of confidentiality, harassment, misbehaviour, insubordination, or careless, negligent
or documented poor workperformance.
RESIGNATION
Resignation is a voluntary act initiated by the employee to terminate employment with the
company. After confirmation, notice period of 30 days should be served by the employee.
If an employee does not serve notice period, one months’ notice pay would be deducted
from his  her dues. But serving notice period is not applicable for that employee who gets
governmentjob provided heshe should submit the proofof selection in the same.
EMPLOYERPROPERTY
Upon termination of employment for any reason, all items of any kind created or used
pursuant to the employee’s service or furnished by the Employer including but not limited
to computers, reports, files, diskettes, manuals, literature, confidential information, or
other materials shall remain and be considered the exclusive property of the Employer at
all times, and shall be surrendered to HOD, in good condition, promptly and without being
requested to do so.
TRAVELLINGANDDAILYALLOWANCE
The Travelling Allowance and Daily Allowance being subject to frequent revision, hence not
mentioned in this manual. However, the details of current allowances admissible to
employees are available with CEO. Travelling expenses must be submitted in time (within 2
days) and advances if any must be adjusted at the earliest. It should be submitted in
company’s Travelling Expenses Form to Account Department. Travelling expenses (along
with attached vouchers & receipts) of the employee of branch office should be submitted to
branch office itself. The head of the branch office will coordinate with the account
department of Corporate Office. The company will reimburse the expenses within 5 days. If
any employee fails to submit the travelling expenses within two days then hisher
expenses will not be reimbursed.
Policy Statement
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited is committed to providing and maintaining a
safe work environment for the health, safety and welfare of our staff, contractors, visitors
and membersofthepublicwhomaybe affected by ourwork.
We undertake to provide resources in terms of personnel, time and financial outlay
commensurate with thecommitment weplaceonOHStoachieve these objectives.
Todothis, Companywill
• Developand maintain safe systems of work, and a safe working environment.
• Provide information and training at all levels in the organization to enable all
employees to support this policy.
• Require all risks to be assessed prior to engaging in new areas of operation,
purchasing new equipment, and implementing new work methods, and that these
risks continue to be reviewed
All persons who are responsible for the work activities of other employees will be held
accountable for
• Identifying practices and conditions which could injure employees, clients,
membersofthepublicorourenvironment.
• Implementing steps to control such situations.
• If unable to control such practices and conditions, reporting these to their
superiors.
Company demands a positive attitude and performance with respect to health, safety and
the environment by all employees, irrespective of their position.
Smoking
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited employs a non smoking policy. Smoking is
not permitted on Office property or premises at any time. Smoking is accepted to be
harmful to the health of those who smoke and those around them (passive smokers).
Consequently, smoking while on company premises will be considered as gross misconduct
and will render an employee liable to instant dismissal.
17
• Smokers who need to take breaks should do so during their allotted breaks (not
more than two per day in addition to their lunch break). These breaks must be
limited to 10 minutes from leaving the workplace to recommencing work. These
break is available only for managers and above.
• These breaks must not be taken at the entrance to office. This is a poor
representation of the Company and people who may be visiting Company, the
visitors do not want to be walkingthrough a cloud of smoke.
• Nospecial privileges will be afforded to smokers. Any additional breaks (outside of
allotted breaks) must be approved by your manager- these must be limited to 10
minutes from leaving the workplace to recommencing work- and the time must be
madeupat theconclusionof the working day.
• Excessive smoking breaks will be regarded as absenteeism and disciplinary action
maybetaken.
Alcohol, Drugs (& OtherSubstanceAbuse)
This policy applies to all levels throughout Company. The policy is not concerned with
social drinking or the taking of prescribed drugs for medical purposes, the concern is
directed to instances where alcohol or other drug dependence or abuse affects the job
performance and orsafety of any employee(s).
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited is concerned by factors affecting an
employee’s ability to safely and effectively perform work to a satisfactory standard. The
Company recognizes alcohol or other drug abuse will cause short-term or long-term
impairment to such workperformance.
Company is committed to creating and maintaining a safe, healthy and productive
workplace for all employees and has a zero tolerance policy in regards to the use of illicit
drugs on their premises or the attending of other business related premises (e.g. clients)
while under the influence of illicit drugs. Contravening either of these points may lead to
instant dismissal.
Attending work under the influence of alcohol will not be tolerated and may result in
disciplinary action or ultimately dismissal.
ManualHandling
18
It is the policy of Company to provide all employees with a safe and healthy working
environment by identifying, assessing and controlling manual handling risks within the
workplace.
While managerial staffs are ultimately responsible for ensuring the health, safety and
welfare of all staff, all employees are expected to participate by reporting potential and
actual manual handling hazards within the workplace.
In all circumstances, do not lift or manually handle items larger or heavier than you can
easily support. If you are in any doubt, ask for assistance
PRIVACY
You are required to observe and uphold all of the Company’s privacy policies and
procedures as implemented or varied fromtime totime.
If you would like any clarification of any of the policies or procedures contained within this
HR Manual, please contact internal management who will be glad to provide guidance and
support.
19
HUMANRESOURCESMANUALAGREEMENT
I, ________________________________________________________________, have been provided with access
to the Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited’s HR Policy and have read and
understood all of the policies and procedures contained within.
I acknowledge that these policies and procedures form part of my employment with
Kamaiah Engineering Services Private Limited and that I am boundby its procedures.
For, KamaiahEngineering Services PrivateLimited
Authorized Signatory